Add `false_allow_templates` as a dynamic mapping option (#10388)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _field-types/mapping-parameters/dynamic.md

  "floor": "1"
}
```

---

## Example: Create an index with `dynamic` set to `false_allow_templates`

1. Create an index with predefined dynamic templates and `dynamic` set to `false_allow_templates` by sending the following request: 

```json
PUT testindex1
{
  "mappings": {
    "dynamic": "false_allow_templates",
    "dynamic_templates": [
      {
        "strings": {
          "match": "room*",
          "match_mapping_type": "string",
          "mapping": {
            "type": "keyword"
          }
        }
      }
    ],
    "properties": {
      "patient": {
        "properties": {
          "id": {
            "type": "keyword"
          },
          "name": {
            "type": "keyword"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

2. Index a document with an object field `patient` containing two string fields and a new field `room` that matches one of the dynamic templates by sending the following request:

```json
PUT testindex1/_doc/1
{ 
  "patient": { 
    "name" : "John Doe",
    "id" : "123456"
  },
  "room": "room1"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Indexing succeeds because the new field `room` matches the dynamic templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new field `room` is indexed because matches the dynamic templates.
```

> 3. Indexing also succeeds when the new field `floor` is added even though it does not match any properties or dynamic tamplates. However mappings will not be created for `floor` and so queries such as `{"match": {"floor": "1"}}` will not return the doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add a new field `floor`, it is indexed even though it does not match any mapping properties or dynamic templates. However, mappings are not created for the `floor` field. Thus, queries such as `{"match": {"floor": "1"}}` do not return this document:
```

```json
PUT testindex1/_doc/1
{ 
  "patient": { 
    "name" : "John Doe",
    "id" : "123456"
  },
  "room": "room1",
  "floor": "1"
}

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}
````
